Documenting the branching process (#1956)
ansible/ansible-documentation: MAINTAINERS.md

   ```bash
   sed -i '/-r tag.in/d' tests/typing.in
   ```

2. Clean up the typing lockfile.

   ```bash
   nox -s pip-compile -- --no-upgrade
   ```

3. Open `noxfile.py` and remove `"hacking/tagger/tag.py",` from the `LINT_FILES` tuple.

### Update Python versions in the support matrix

The minimum supported Python version changes with each Ansible core version.
This requires an update to the support matrix documentation after a new stable branch is created to reflect the appropriate Control Node Python versions.

Uncomment the new stable version from the `ansible-core support matrix` section in the `docs/docsite/rst/reference_appendices/release_and_maintenance.rst` file.
Submit a PR with the changes and request a core team review.

### Updating the tagger script

Update the list of active branches in the `hacking/tagger/tag.py` script on the `devel` branch.
Add the new stable branch and remove the lowest version from the `DEFAULT_ACTIVE_BRANCHES` tuple, for example:

#### Previous active branches list

```python
DEFAULT_ACTIVE_BRANCHES: tuple[str, ...] = (
    "stable-2.14",
    "stable-2.15",
    "stable-2.16",
    "stable-2.17",
)

> ```

Reviewer: You can decide about this example, but it can probably be removed also.

Author: I kind of liked this one although I agree we can probably remove it as well. Maybe for the sake of brevity it'd be better to get rid of it.

# Maintainers guide

Find details about maintaining the `ansible-documentation` repository.
Note that maintainers have privileged access to the repository to perform special functions such as branching for new versions and preparing Ansible documentation for publishing.
If you're interested in becoming a maintainer, or want to get in touch with us, please join us on matrix at [#docs:ansible.im](https://matrix.to/#/#docs:ansible.im).

> We have weekly meetings on matrix every Tuesday (see [the Ansible calendar](https://github.com/ansible/community/blob/main/meetings/README.md)) and welcome additions to our [weekly agenda items](https://forum.ansible.com/t/documentation-working-group-agenda/153).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have weekly meetings on matrix every Tuesday (see [the Ansible calendar](https://forum.ansible.com/upcoming-events)) and welcome additions to our [weekly agenda items](https://forum.ansible.com/t/documentation-working-group-agenda/153).
```
